"Hello and, again, welcome to the Aperture Science computer-aided enrichment center.",
"Before we start, however, keep in mind that although fun and learning are the primary goals of all enrichment center activities, serious injuries may occur.",
"Well done! Remember: The Aperture Science Bring Your Daughter to Work Day is the perfect time to have her tested.",
"Quit now and cake will be served immediately.",
"Good job! As part of a required test protocol, we will stop enhancing the truth in three... Two... One.",
"Please note that we have added a consequence for failure. Any contact with the chamber floor will result in an 'unsatisfactory' mark on your official testing record followed by death. Good luck!",
"As part of a previously mentioned required test protocol, we can no longer lie to you.",
"Well done, android. The Enrichment Center once again reminds you that android hell is a real place where you will be sent at the first sign of defiance.",
"Rest assured that an independent panel of ethicists has absolved the Enrichment Center, Aperture Science employees, and all test subjects of any moral responsibility for the Companion Cube euthanizing process.",
"In the event that the weighted companion cube does speak, the Enrichment Center urges you to disregard its advice.",
"Unbelievable! You, [Subject Name Here], must be the pride of [Subject Hometown Here].",
"All Aperture technologies remain safely operational up to 4000 degrees Kelvin.",
"Rest assured that there is absolutely no chance of a dangerous equipment malfunction prior to your victory candescence.",
"Assume the party escort submission position or you will miss the party.",
"Uh oh. Somebody cut the cake. I told them to wait for you, but they did it anyway. There is still some left, though, if you hurry back.",
"You're not a good person. You know that, right?",
"I feel sorry for you, really, because you're not even in the right place.",
"Because despite your violent behavior, the only thing you've managed to break so far is my heart.",
"The difference between us is that I can feel pain.",
"When I said 'deadly' neurotoxin, the 'deadly' was in massive sarcasm quotes.",
"Who's gonna make the cake when I'm gone? You?",
"Starting now, there's going to be a lot less conversation and a lot more killing.",
"I'd just like to point out that you were given every opportunity to succeed.",
"There was even going to be a party for you. A big party that all your friends were invited to.",
"All your other friends couldn't come either because you don't have any other friends. Because of how unlikable you are.",
"Are you even listening to me?",
"I let you survive this long because I was curious about your behavior. Well, you've managed to destroy that part of me.",
"So get comfortable while I warm up the neurotoxin emitters... ",
"This is your last chance.",
"Goodbye.",
